- It's really hot in here.
- I like it hot.
- I have never heard
anything like that.
- That was incredible.
- I will remember that.
- Oh, God!
- You were men up there,
like, full-on,
powerhouse men.
- Everyone in America
is gonna know your name.
- I didn't come here
to try out.
I came here to win.
- I think you are
the next Taylor Swift.
- It's the most amazing thing
I've ever seen.
- Oh, my gosh.
- I loved it.
- Sorry, I've got to do this.
- I don't know why it's called
"America's Got Talent,"
because I think the whole world
showed up.
- Ladies, this is
a one-time show.
We'll never have
another chance to do this.
- Make or break,
90 seconds.
- Two, European.
- From Europe, Europe.
- Look, this is especially
for you today.
- Oh, my God.
- Thank you.
Oh, God.
- Can I have a kiss, please?
- That's maybe going
a little too far.
I'll blow you one.
- Thank you.
- ♪ Come on, shake your body,
baby, do that Conga ♪
- Howie, you excited?
- Look at me.
I'm thrilled to be sitting
on this side of the panel.
- But I'm still sitting
next to him.
- How did that work out?
- Because she secretly
does love Howie.
- Have you two ever
made out?
- No!
- Lots of drama
at the judging table.
It's definitely interesting.
You guys ready to get to it?
Let's rock.
- Okay, mark it.
- How long have you guys
known each other?
- When I first met Abby,
I thought
she was so beautiful.
I was like, "Wow."
- My shoelace was undone,
so he went on his knees
and started tying my shoelace,
whilst asking me
to marry him.
- She was the coolest.
I mean, you are still,
you are still.
- We are a pretty
unusual couple, I guess,
because I throw knives
on my wife.
- How you guys doing?
- Good.
- Hello.
- What's the name
of the act?
- Deadly Games.
- Don't mess with us.
- I saw from afar
I wasn't gonna mess with y'all.
- We met almost eight years ago.
I knew I had the right one,
and I could not let her go.
Imana and I got married
a little over two years ago.
- Finally.
And the best thing,
we have 2-year-old daughter.
- We both realized we have
this passion for the danger.
And we decide to create
this crazy, unique
knife-throwing act.
The knives we use are real.
I cannot make a mistake.
- Sometimes I feel the wind
from the knife
so close to my head,
my heart is like, "Oh..."
- Right now, we travel a lot,
and we live in
a lot of small space,
like trailers and caravans
in Vegas.
Our lifelong dream
is to have our own show,
not just for us,
but it is for our daughter.
And tonight is the biggest
chance we ever had,
and we are ready.
Uh-huh.
- Wow.
- Hi, welcome.
And who are you, please?
- My name is Alfredo.
I'm 34 years old.
- And you are...
- Imana.
And I'm 32 years old,
and I'm his wife.
- So how long have
you been married, you two?
- We've been together
for almost eight years,
but we've been married
for a little over two years.
- So, from where you started
and now you're here today,
has it been easy,
or have you had tough times?
- It's been a very
difficult road, you know.
Knife-throwing act
is one of the most old acts.
A lot of people do this.
You know, we try to make
something different
from something really old.
- When I say,
"Did things go wrong?"
I think you know
what I'm referring to.
- I know.
I hit her twice.
- Okay, so, basically,
without stating the obvious,
this is really,
really dangerous.
- It's dangerous.
I can kill her
if I throw the knife
maybe one or two millimeters
too close, hit her neck.
She's the one pushing me
to the do the crazier tricks,
believe me or not.
- Really?
- Okay, well, look, good luck.
- Thank you very much.
- Whoa.
Close.
I can't stand it.
- Good job, A!
Good job!
- What?
- I can't watch it.
- Oh, my God, no,
don't do it again, stop, stop.
- Oh, God, God, God, God.
- How's your heart?
- I don't like watching this.
- That's barbaric.
- Whoa.
- That was a little crazy.
- Mel.
- That made me really nervous.
Like, really, really nervous.
And I was literally watching it
the whole time like this.
"Ergh!"
So it was very entertaining,
in a frightening way.
- Thank you very much.
- Howie.
- Well, I got to say that we've
seen a lot of knife-throwing,
but we've never seen
somebody moving so much.
It's even more dangerous.
You're amazing.
- Heidi?
- I thought it was
absolutely thrilling.
Immediately,
from the very get-go.
You know,
a lot of the acts that come,
they kind of dance
around a little bit
until they get to it.
I mean, you took those knives,
and you just, bam, bam.
You started immediately,
so it was like, "Oh, my God,
it's happening already,"
and it's so fast,
and it was so good.
- Thank you very much for that,
thank you.
- Normally the one
being thrown at
is normally quite boring.
But you actually
made it interesting,
because you were actually
making it harder for him,
and therefore,
crazily harder for yourself.
Where would you go
if you were to go through
to the next round?
Does it get more dangerous?
- Always more dangerous.
- Anna, how do you feel
about that?
- Why not?
- Why not, indeed.
Okay, we're gonna vote.
I think you're both nuts,
but let's start with Howie.
- Yes.
- Mel.
- Definite yes from me too.
- Heidi?
- Definitely yes from me
as well, your third yes.
- And we might regret this.
Four yesses, congratulations.
- Aw.
- Whoo, yes!
- Simon, you're right.
The target has never been
the centerpiece of these acts,
and she is.
- So proud of you guys!
- Do not try this at home.
- You're fantastically sick.
- Thank you.
- You play for
the Philadelphia Eagles.
- Yeah, going into my 14th year.
- What are you doing here?
- I think you are
wonderfully crazy.
- I can't believe
we didn't get any buzzes.
- Never too late.
Sorry, I've got to do this.
- Simon has the best accent.
- Oh, wait, wait.
I'm gonna try and imitate it.
Hi.
- No way.
- Oh, I'm Simon.
- I want some crumpets.
- This is how Simon speaks,
like this all the time.
- Yeah, he sounds
just like this, you bet.
- You just have the worst
accent of them all.
You have the worst.
- You sound, like, Jamaican.
- You are what America needs.
- Was that good?
- That was really good.
- Darling, sweetie,
where's Simon?
Let's get it started,
darling.
- That's good.
- What do you guys like
so much about Simon?
- He has an adorable
English accent.
- Yeah.
- My name is Elias.
- And my name is Zion.
- We're twins,
and guess what...
- Who's this lovely person?
- That's our mom.
- You guys excited
to be here?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, we're so excited.
- We love to sing, dance, act,
play piano and stuff.
- We like to play piano--
- And guess what,
we have a duet.
- ♪ I'm so happy
to be stuck with you ♪
- We've never, ever
cut our hair.
- The worst thing
about having long hair,
when we go to Disney World,
they say,
"Come along, princesses."
And we're like, "We're boys."
- Oh, my gosh.
- Simon!
- Look at you.
- Oh, my God.
- Hey!
- Are you gonna be good?
- Come here.
- Oh, my goodness.
- Are you gonna be good?
- Yes.
- I'm a big fan of you.
- Oh, thank you.
- So great to see you.
- Can you follow me
on Twitter?
- Yes.
- Simon Cowell.
Oh, Simon!
- See you later.
- When we perform tonight,
we're probably gonna get
a standing ovation.
- Now let's get to it, guys.
- ♪ Happy to be stuck with you ♪
- Hello, guys.
- Hello.
- We met earlier on, didn't we?
- Yep.
- How are you?
- Great, how are you?
- Awesome.
- Tell me your names again.
- You are?
- Elias.
- And how old are you, Elias?
- I'm 9.
- You're 9, and you are?
- Zion.
- And you are how old?
- 9.
- 9, so you're twins.
- We're twins.
- Okay, who is the naughtiest
out of the two?
Yeah, I would have
guessed that.
What would you do with
the $1 million if you won?
- Probably spend it
on college education.
- You agree?
- Probably buy fast cars,
luxury watches.
- Yeah, I'm gonna be honest
with you.
The cars and watches
sound a bit more fun.
- I think when I get it,
it's gonna be fun.
- Yeah.
- All right, well,
good luck, guys.
- Wow, look at that hair.
- That's really cool hair.
- Yeah.
- Look at that,
standing ovation.
- Thank you.
- Thank you, guys.
- I can't believe
we didn't get any buzzes.
- Never too late.
- Oh, my God.
- Awkward.
- You just said
that you can't believe--why?
Did you feel
like it went wrong?
- Sometimes, like,
life isn't fair, so...
- Can I ask you a question?
- Yeah.
- In the very, very beginning,
did you miss a few notes?
- I didn't hear any.
It was like the best
I've ever played it so far.
- Okay, I just wanted
to double-check that.
- Well done, guys.
- Thank you.
- Heidi, do you like them?
- I do like them.
I do think that the two of you
are extremely,
extremely talented.
- My mom says it's raw talent,
but it's what my mom said.
- Where do they get
these personalities from?
- Not me.
- I was very impressed.
- I think we're gonna vote.
Heidi.
- I give you a yes.
- Mel?
- I also give you a yes.
- ♪ Tell me what you want,
what you really, really want ♪
♪ Yo, I'll tell you what I want,
what I really, really ♪
- ♪ I wanna, I wanna,
I wanna... ♪
- I want to give you
another yes.
That's three yesses.
- Yes!
- And I'm gonna give you
your fourth yes.
Congratulations, off you go.
- They are so cool.
- Tell me what Mel B wants,
what she really, really wants.
- By the way,
these kids
are taking over the show.
- Hi.
- Hello.
- Are you all related?
- Yes, we're all
brothers and sisters.
- How old's the youngest,
how old's the oldest?
- I'm the youngest, and I'm 8.
- Aw.
- I'm the oldest, and I'm 18.
- Wow.
- D-D-DJ Livia.
- If you
really want to get good,
you-you-you're the first in,
and you're the last out.
- Wow.
- ♪ And that's the way it is ♪
- I think you could be
the coolest family in the world.
- Thank you.
- And I love
that the youngest one,
8 years old, is the DJ.
- Yes, that's me.
- You have four yesses,
congratulations.
- The kids this year
are stronger than ever.
- Don't you think
someone younger should win?
- Yeah.
- What's your name,
and how old are you?
- My name is Parker; I'm 12.
- How would you rank yourself
from 1 to 10?
10 being amazing.
- Um, 12.
- Ah.
- He is confident.
- ♪ Come on, let it go ♪
♪ Just let it be ♪
♪ Why don't you be you ♪
- Wow.
- ♪ And I'll be me ♪
- You dance with such passion,
and you're only 12 years old.
- You are everything we look for
in a contestant,
which is somebody who's
talented, great personality.
Parker, I'm gonna say no.
Kidding, it's a yes.
- Oh, my God.
- If we win,
we're gonna be strawberries.
- Yeah.
- What is your name?
- My name's Axel Corez.
- And how old are you?
- I am 17.
- What you're doing
is dangerous.
- Very dangerous.
- Ahh!
- That's crazy.
- Oh, my God.
- Where can you take this act?
- You're just gonna have
to pass me to find out.
- You've kind of got this sort
of cocky arrogance about you,
but I can relate to that.
I think it was amazing,
what you just did.
- Four yesses.
- See you in the next round.
- ♪ And never, never, never
stop for anyone ♪
- Those two kids, the twins.
- ♪ Welcome to your life ♪
♪ There's no turning back ♪
♪ We will find you ♪
♪ Acting on your
best behavior ♪
♪ Everybody... ♪
- Listen to that;
that'll help you--there you go.
That'll help you.
- ♪ There's no room
where the light won't find you ♪
- ♪ Holding hands while the
world starts tumbling down ♪
- ♪ When they do,
I'll be right behind you ♪
♪ So glad we've
almost made it ♪
♪ So sad they had
to fade it ♪
- ♪ Everybody wants
to rule the... ♪
to rule the world ♪
- ♪ Everybody wants
to rule the... ♪
- ♪ The world ♪
- It's so dramatic
and mysterious,
and you actually
transported me somewhere.
I absolutely loved it.
I could listen to this
all day long.
- Thank you so much;
that means a lot.
- Okay, now the important part.
Howie?
- You get a yes.
- I have to say yes.
- It's a definite yes from me.
- You've now got four yesses,
congratulations.
- Whoo!
- I liked them.
- Yeah, they're good.
- One, two, three!
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
- You're gonna be--
listen, breathe.
In through your nose.
- I'm Jayna Brown.
I'm 14 years old,
and I'm a singer.
- Now, you get your singing
skills from your mom?
- Yes.
When I was really young,
my mom, she would like sing
in the shower and everything,
and I would be like,
"She sounds so good."
And I wanted to sound like her.
- You're gonna do awesome.
- She's a single mom,
and she's made a lot
of sacrifices for me.
My mom and I live in Atlanta,
but...
we lost our home there.
So we're kind of, like,
in between houses right now.
- Yeah, we're staying
with a neighbor.
You know, finances
are not always,
you know, the best thing.
But this was something
that she wanted to do,
and it means a lot to her.
So we just packed up
and come out here,
even though at home
we're dealing
with a little bit of turmoil.
- I'm really trying
to do my best on here,
because it would mean the world
for me and my mom
to have this opportunity.
So when I get
on that stage tonight,
I'm just gonna sing
my heart out.
Yeah.
- Get out there, go get 'em.
Me and mom will be on the side
supporting, all right?
- Hi, sweetheart,
and who are you?
- My name is Jayna Brown.
- And how old are you, Jayna?
- I'm 14.
- Oh, wow.
- No way.
- And, Jayna, who is the person
you look up to most?
- My mom.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Aw.
- Hi, mom.
- I'm in tears, aw.
- Let them tears flow.
Let them tears flow.
That's your baby out there.
- And, Jayna,
what are you gonna sing?
- I'm going to be singing
"Summertime."
- Great song.
Good luck.
- I think she's gonna
do really well.
- You think so?
- ♪ Summertime ♪
♪ And the living is easy ♪
♪ Fish are jumping ♪
♪ And the cotton is high ♪
♪ One of these mornings ♪
♪ You're gonna
raise up singing ♪
♪ Then you'll spread
your little wings ♪
♪ And you'll take
to the sky ♪
♪ But till the morning ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ With daddy and mommy ♪
- She's singing to you.
- ♪ Mommy standing by ♪
- They're on their feet, mom.
- Oh, my God!
- Wow.
What a voice.
So mature.
As soon as the music started,
you went into your own zone
and took us
right there with you.
Well done.
- You got on the waterproof?
- No.
- You are fearless.
You are fabulous.
I mean, you had
everyone on their feet.
I loved it.
- Thank you.
- You know,
it's really interesting.
You're a 14-year-old
little girl.
There's so much poise,
and so beyond your years,
and so beautiful,
and so classic.
Why did you choose that music?
- My mom, you know,
she had me listen to,
like, Diana Ross
and The Temptations,
and I grew up
on a lot of old stuff, so...
- Jayna...
I didn't like that.
I loved that.
Thank you so much.
I also like the fact
that you understand
why artists in the past
are important
to what you're doing now,
because I think if you're
not interested
in some of the greats,
then it's very difficult to
become a great person yourself.
I love your voice.
But most importantly,
you've got that confidence.
Really, one of my
favorite auditions.
- Thank you.
- They got to vote now.
- Howie.
- Absolutely, yes.
- Yes, yes, yes.
- Thank you so much.
- Yes.
- You got four big fat yesses.
Congratulations.
- ♪ Isn't she wonderful ♪
- Whoo!
Whoo!
- She's gonna be in it
for a long time.
- Yeah, she's good.
- Squeezing the baby
too tight!
We'll see you guys soon.
- Oh, thank you so much.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you so much.
- ♪ Just hold me close ♪
♪ And don't patroni-- ♪
- I don't think that song
was right for you.
- Okay.
- What else have you got?
- Ah!
- I think we may have found
someone special with you.
I've got to do this.
- And look at you.
- Look at you.
- Look at me.
- You're so bright
and chirpy.
- Chirpy?
- It's your wife's,
isn't it?
- No!
- No?
- This is mine;
I bought it.
Does it look like
I'm wearing a ladies' jacket?
- Yes.
- Look, so many talents here.
Singers, dancers.
But what we're gonna do,
I guess it's really special.
We're gonna amaze them.
I am a tailor,
and I like to design
different costumes
in different styles.
I love this dress.
- Oh, wow,
that's really bright.
- In a positive way?
- I don't know.
- But, then again,
he's a comedian.
He's supposed to make
you laugh.
- I wasn't going for funny.
- This wasn't funny.
- The best thing about our act
is to see my wife changing
clothes all day long.
- Mm-hmm.
- Meow.
- It keeps our relationship
fresh, fun, and sexy.
- Ah.
- But it's true.
To see our names
on the lights in Vegas,
it's our dream.
- We're gonna do this.
- Yeah.
- Go get 'em, have fun.
- Hi.
- Who are you guys?
- My name is Sauce.
- My name is Victoria.
- Are you married?
- Yes, we are married.
- This year gonna be
20 years we are together.
- 20 years?
- Yes.
- Wow.
- And what will you
be doing for us today?
- We're gonna show you
a very special set
which we prepared
for this show.
- Okay.
- And all the costumes
you're gonna see,
it's made by us.
- Including the one your wife
is wearing right now?
- Yes.
- You designed that?
- Okay, I can't wait to see it.
Good luck.
- Thank you.
- I wonder what's happening.
- ♪ Give it to me! ♪
- ♪ I met a boy last week
trying to run that game ♪
♪ Made it sound so sweet
when he say my name ♪
♪ I said boy, stop,
run it back ♪
♪ You can talk that talk
but can you play that sax? ♪
♪ I met a boss last night
buyin' out the bar ♪
- How do you do that?
That was good.
- ♪ You can drive all night
but can you play that sax? ♪
♪ Baby, baby,
I've been waitin' ♪
♪ For the one to blow my mind ♪
♪ I need to stick around ♪
♪ The type of red hot love ♪
♪ That got me freezin' 'cause ♪
♪ Say you can go all night
the way you lay that track ♪
♪ But if you
wanna hear me sing ♪
♪ You better play that sax ♪
♪ Give it to me! ♪
- Oh, my God.
- No way.
- Now, that's talent.
Yes!
- Wow, you really
blew my mind.
It was fabulous.
- Thank you.
- You managed
to pop color in there,
length, design, patterns.
It was so entertaining.
It was brilliant.
- This was beautiful.
I love that you're
really a couple.
I thought the costumes
were great.
It was quick.
Also, something you never
hear in your house is,
"Are you ready yet?"
Because she's always...
- The act is fantastic.
I mean, it was quick, slick.
I have no idea how you did it.
I thought the dancing
was pretty bad, but...
- I knew you were
gonna say that.
- It was a bit corny.
But one of the best we've seen,
congratulations.
- We still have to vote--Howie?
- Yes.
- Mel?
- It's a yes from me.
- Simon?
- And I'm gonna give you
a fourth yes.
Congratulations.
Very good.
- Whoo!
- Ah, great.
- We did it.
- Wow, congratulations.
- You see, they love it.
- They loved it.
- I want to do this too now.
- That was amazing.
- I can do a little bit
of singing.
- Don't do it,
don't do it.
- Nat King Cole.
- Oh, my gosh.
- Okay, listen, listen, listen.
- ♪ Smile,
though your heart... ♪
- So I'm trying to collect
over a billion smiles
in my mirror hat.
- What I believe
is that it's
an upside-down smile.
I'm having the time
of my life.
- I just didn't get it.
- It's just maybe not
for this stage right here.
- Heidi--I mean, you could
just look at that smile,
and you'll be star-struck.
If I can get one smile
out of her,
that's all I ask,
is just one smile.
Maybe a hug or a kiss
or two, maybe.
- Okay.
- You guys look fantastic.
There's not a hair
out of place on you guys.
- Thank you, thank you.
- It was all a bit too happy.
- You're enjoying yourself.
I didn't quite enjoy myself.
- There's something about Simon,
like, when he's just going...
- That makes me so nervous.
- You know, it's like,
can you smile?
- Good smiles there,
smiles, smiles.
- ♪ You'll find that life
is still worthwhile ♪
- A little bit too much smiling.
- What's wrong with that?
- When you're constantly
having people smile at you
for three minutes, it does--
it's almost too much.
- So, what brings you over here
this way today?
- A giant airplane
and my talent.
I'm Robert.
I used to be in business.
I used to wear a suit and tie
and have my hair cut short.
I enjoyed it,
but it wasn't in my heart.
My heart was seeing
people smile and laugh.
- Yeah, I have
so many butterflies, but...
- Well, I can see
why you have butterflies,
because you're beautiful
as a butterfly.
When somebody smiles,
It's like magic sunshine
even in the shade.
I love how you turned your hand
into a visor,
beautiful natural visor.
Great job, sir.
My main goal is to see the
judges and the audience smile.
- Go get 'em,
have fun out there.
- ♪ Don't worry ♪
♪ Be happy ♪
- Hello.
What is your name?
- I'm Robert the Compliment Man.
- Robert the Compliment Man.
What do you do for a living?
- I give compliments full-time.
- Can I ask you a question?
What did you do
before you did this?
- I was a businessman
for many years.
- Doing what?
- Bottled water,
designing machines,
basically on a piece of paper,
and doing magic with the water.
- And then what was
the light bulb moment
when you went, "I'm gonna go
from that to this"?
- The light bulb was the stress,
trading stress for smiles
created by compliments.
- Well, best of luck.
- Thank you.
- I'd like to compliment
the audience on parking.
No one double-parked,
and just about every single car
was locked.
Simon!
I love your blunt honesty.
- Okay, we knew that
was gonna happen.
- Simon doesn't seem impressed.
- Something--something smells...
really nice.
Howie.
And, Heidi, I really love
the way you do this.
- One more.
- Just me left.
- Mel B!
I love how you shorten your name
into a single letter "B,"
being beautiful,
being spicy.
- I like that compliment.
- And, Mel, I love your
beautiful, perfect nose a lot.
- Mel.
- Guess people
don't like compliments.
- I'm gonna let Simon start
with the first compliment.
- All right, sounds good.
- You're mad, so it's a no.
- Heidi.
- It's a no.
- Okay.
- Mel, you seem
to be the last one.
- I was the last one,
because I actually wanted
more compliments.
So, because I didn't get
that many,
it's a no from me too.
- Robert, you have four no's.
- Okay.
- So you are one of the most
consistently bad acts
we've had tonight.
- Fantastic.
- Thanks, Robert.
- Enjoy your evening.
- ♪ Don't worry ♪
- I like you.
- It's all good.
- I cannot believe
someone waits in line all day,
all day, to do that.
- "America's Got Talent"
is top-notch,
regardless of just "X"s.
But "X"s can be kisses too.
So I'll take them as kisses.
- "X"s can be kisses too.
- I wanted more compliments.
- How about an Eskimo kiss?
No, no, it's just the nose.
- ♪ Be happy ♪
- ♪ I'll be takin' care
of business ♪
♪ Every day ♪
- So, what do you do?
- I'm a clown and a barber.
- From the time I was 45,
I was working as Santa Claus.
- What do you do?
- Yeah, so, I'm actually
going into my 14th year
in the NFL.
- Come on.
- Yeah, man, I play
for the Philadelphia Eagles.
- Get out of here.
- Ready to do this?
- Oh, man,
I'm ready, I'm ready.
- All right,
let's go get 'em.
- How are you?
- What's up, man, how you doing?
- What's your name?
- My name's Jon Dorenbos.
- I know that name.
- You a sports guy?
- I am.
You play for
the Philadelphia Eagles.
- Yeah, yeah,
I'm going into--yeah.
- Wow.
- What do you think
he's gonna do?
- Going into my 14th year.
- 14th year.
- Wow.
- What are you doing here?
- You know,
as much as we can achieve,
there's always new beginnings,
and there's always
new things to do.
So, in the off-season,
I tour around and do magic
and comedy and stuff.
- Oh, wow.
- I was 13 years old when I saw
my first magician.
He did the sponge ball trick.
Went in my hand,
I closed my hand,
I opened it up,
and I had a bunch of them.
Mind blown, and it changed
my life forever.
- Do you do magic
for your teammates ever?
- It's cool, yeah,
like, so plane rides.
Obviously is a great way
to kill time on plane rides.
Literally, in games,
there'll be players
kind of
that I'm playing against
that'll be like, "Yeah,
what's up now, magic man?
Here I come, magic man, ooh!"
You know what I mean?
So you get the trash talk.
But magic is a joy
inside of me.
Performing is a part
of my heart.
And it also takes me back
to when I was a kid.
The reason I'm here today
is to share with people
that there is a different
side of me.
Hopefully they dig it
and don't sit there and say,
"Huh...
"Stick to your day job, kid.
Stick to your day job."
- Hey, let me ask you
a question, John.
This goes well.
You win.
Then what do you do?
- Well, let's be honest, the NFL
stands for Not For Long.
So, I've been lucky here.
So you always got to have
a backup plan.
This is a pretty good one,
you know what I'm saying?
- Show us your magic, go ahead.
- We ready?
Let's rock this out.
Here's the deal;
I love this.
So here's a paper clip.
You're gonna do me
a huge favor.
- Okay.
- All I want you to do
is say stop.
- Stop.
- Okay, I'm gonna cut the cards.
- Whatever this is,
we're not gonna look at it.
This gets folded up
and it gets placed
in this paper clip right here.
Mel B, this is gonna
go in front of you.
When I was a kid,
I was fascinated
by counting cards.
This isn't 100%,
but hopefully you're gonna
notice a pattern here.
We're gonna shoot one out,
and hopefully
it'll look familiar.
Look, see,
there's an ace.
I tell you what,
all I need you to do
is pull one out.
- You want me
to pull one out?
- Yeah, you're gonna
pull a card out.
You got to reach in there
and just pull one out.
- You got it?
- Yep.
- Show everybody
what it is.
Watch, this is gonna be sick.
It's gonna be a 2.
Oh...
- Is that bad?
- That's okay, watch the 8.
It's a shake.
Watch the 8,
see, it's a shake,
and we can get the 2 out.
See what I mean?
See what we did there?
You know what I'm saying?
- Ooh, okay.
- The number one trick
by a comedy magician
is pull it out of your--
so, look, there's a 3.
Hopefully we can shoot one
out of the center.
Look, there's a 4
right there.
So, Mel, all I need you
to do is just yell out stop.
Watch, riffle, go.
- Stop.
- Okay,
take that card right there.
If that's the 5, that's sick.
Check it out, see if we got it.
- Oh, my gosh.
- Wow!
- That's good.
- So right now,
I think the 6
is 38 cards from the top.
So we're gonna kind of shoot one
out here, boom.
Look, there's the 6.
Simon, do me a favor.
If you watch the 10 here,
we can just cover it.
See, there's the 7.
- Howie, you ready?
- I am ready.
- Okay, say stop.
- Stop.
- Okay, we need the 8.
- What do we got?
Show it right here.
We need the 8
for the crowd, show them.
- Oh.
- There it is.
- I put a card in my pocket
before we started.
See, there's the 9
right there.
Now, watch, we're gonna
cut these up like this.
And hopefully we can find
the 10, the jack,
the queen, the king.
- Oh, my God.
- There's the 10,
the jack, the queen.
So, Simon, do me a favor.
Think of any card you want to.
Don't name it out loud yet.
Okay, this is gonna be good.
- Do you got it?
- Yeah.
- Watch this;
we're gonna shuffle these up.
Simon, name the card you're
thinking of right now.
- 3 of clubs.
- I did this because I thought
I would go through here
and not just shuffle
all the cards,
but take all of them
and shuffle all those clubs
back in order like that.
- No.
- No way.
- Had you said hearts,
and said what the hey,
why don't we shuffle
all the hearts in order?
Had you said spades,
we would have actually
shuffled all the spades
in order just like that.
- How do you do that?
- Before we started,
we folded a card,
we put it in a paper clip,
and we didn't look at it.
The card you thought of,
the 3 of clubs,
right there for Simon,
in the paper clip.
Thank you guys very much.
I'm Jon Dorenbos, peace out!
- How did he do that?
- Thank you.
- That was crazy.
- That was fun.
- Oh, my God.
- My man, right there.
- You're bewildered.
Simon, talk, use words.
I don't know what to say.
I don't know how the hell
you did that,
because I could see
it never moved.
For someone who doesn't
do this professionally,
it was so slick, so fast.
Your dialogue is great.
It's not a trick,
because it's magic.
It was amazing.
- My man.
- I'm really impressed.
- Thank you.
- Well done.
- My man, thank you.
- Heidi.
- I loved it too.
And you're fast
with your hands.
You're fast with your mouth.
You're charming;
I loved it.
You were right here
in front of us,
and I have no idea
how you did it.
- Thank you.
- Mel B.
- I still can't get over that.
That was the very first card
before you even started
any of these tricks.
- That should not
have happened.
- You put that
right in front of me.
And I kept my eye on this card.
This card did not move.
That is just shockingly good.
- I just want to say something.
You have a gift,
and it's the gift
of making magic happen
for you and for others.
And this was just not only
a very entertaining
and funny moment,
but just an amazing moment,
and I'm so glad
that you're here.
- Wow.
- I'm gonna start the voting.
It's a yes from me.
- Thank you.
- Mel?
- Yes, yes, yes from me.
- Heidi?
- I'm gonna give you
a yes as well.
- Thank you.
- And Simon?
- Four yesses.
- My man, thank you guys.
- Touchdown!
- I love ya!
- How'd it feel?
- It's really cool to come
and walk in a theater
with over 2, 000 people
with a deck of cards.
That's what I'm
talking about, man.
- Wow.
- That was nuts.
- How did that happen?
- Congrats.
- Appreciate you, man.
- ♪ All my secrets away ♪
- Hello, judges.
- Why this outfit?
- Well, I am the strongman.
- Of course you are.
- Oh, I can't watch that.
- My nipples hurt.
- This thing
that you're wearing,
is that a turban
or a helmet?
- Okay, right.
- Right.
- Right, yeah.
So it's a helmet.
- Ready?
- Go get 'em.
- Wow.
- Good evening.
- It's an honor to be here.
- Well, it's an honor
to have you, sir.
What is your name?
- My name is Vello Vaher.
- Your name is...
- Vello Vaher.
- Va--Ve--
- Vahel.
- Vello.
- Vello Vaher.
- Where are you from?
- I come from Estonia.
- What do you do
for a living?
- I am acrobatic teacher.
I can teach kids...
- Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
- Geese?
Just said geese.
- Kids.
- Did you say geese
or not?
- He said kids.
- Kids.
- He said geese.
- Says the one
with the accent.
- And how old are you, sir?
- I am 52.
- 52, wow, you're
in amazing shape.
- And, Vello,
just getting back to the geese.
How old are they?
- He did not say--
- How old are the geese?
- I am 52.
- Not getting very far
with this, are we?
- What are you gonna do
for us tonight?
- My specialty is to move
through hardships to the stars.
- What?
- Exactly.
- Go ahead.
- Thank you.
- Oh, my God.
- I am ready...
after few seconds.
- Oh, okay.
- Thank you.
- Simon?
- Vello,
you are fantastically nuts.
And that's why I like you.
You're like sort of
the acrobatic Borat.
- Oh, my God, that is
the weirdest thing ever.
- Heidi?
- I mean, you hopping
over these things
that you built right there
was awesome.
And then, when you were hanging
just by your mouthpiece,
going up there
with nothing to fall on,
it was very impressive.
- Mel?
- I think you are
wonderfully crazy.
The way you speak,
the way you dressed,
what you're doing,
how you do it.
It's fantastic.
- Thank you.
- Funny, it's great.
- I love it.
You have a good sense of humor,
and you do things
that we've never seen before.
I mean, it's amazing.
So let's vote.
- Well, I have to say yes.
Yes, yes, yes.
- Heidi?
- I'm gonna give you
a second yes.
I want to see you again,
definitely.
- Thank you.
- Simon?
- Vello, you're in this
to win this, yes?
- Of course.
- Good, which means
you have my third yes.
- Thank you.
- You got four yesses.
- Well done, Vello.
- We see you, thank you.
- Thank you.
- I love America.
- And we love you.
- We love you.
He's hilarious.
- He's great.
- I loved him.
- ♪ Flying high now ♪
- Our friends at Wyndham Rewards
are helping us take a look back
at some acts that earned
their place in the next round.
Check it out.
- So, it was very entertaining,
in a frightening way.
- The world is gonna
know your name.
- I loved it.
- It was beautiful.
- It was exciting.
- That is the most
amazing thing ever.
- It's one of the best
we've seen, congratulations.
- Welcome to
"America's Got Talent."
- Thank you.
- I'm a little nervous.
- Same here.
- A lot of good things
can come from this.
- Oh, yeah, you'll end up
where you're supposed to be.
It'll be all right.
- I hope so.
- Oh, yeah.
- And there's
so many young people.
- Oh, is this seat taken?
- Simon likes young singers.
- We've got the whole
cute factor going on.
- Yeah!
- Million dollar talent?
- Yes.
- All right, well, hey,
go live the dream out there.
- ♪ I'm so glad that I know
more than I knew then ♪
♪ Gonna keep on trying ♪
♪ Till I reach
the higher ground ♪
- ♪ Higher ♪
- Um, I'm disappointed, girls,
because you have
got good voices,
but now you have to go
from here to here.
I'm really sorry, guys.
I'm gonna say no.
- Thank you.
- So how long you been singing?
- Oh, actually
about 56 years.
- So...
- ♪ Then you try to say
you're leaving me ♪
♪ And I always have
to say no ♪
♪ Tell me why ♪
♪ Is it so ♪
♪ That I, I never
can say good-bye ♪
- I think someone else
probably should have been
playing the piano
on that song.
I'm not gonna lie and say
that was a fantastic audition,
because it wasn't.
- I'm gonna go grab Mike's phone
and get it on there
right now,
if that's all right with you.
- That's good.
♪ There's a wild,
wild whisper ♪
♪ Blowing in the wind ♪
♪ Calling out my name ♪
♪ Like a long lost friend ♪
- Danielle, Danielle...
- Yes?
- There were moments
when I heard you
and I thought, actually,
this girl could be really good.
But then other times,
it wasn't great.
I'm gonna say no.
- Such a shame,
because she's talented.
- And that wasn't
good enough.
- And I go and stand
on that "X" right there?
- Mm-hmm, right on
the "X" over there.
- That big old "X"?
- That big old "X."
- Here we go.
There it is,
walk that walk.
That's what I'm
talking about.
- Hello.
- Hi.
- What's your name?
- My name is Ronnie Martin.
- How old are you Ronnie,
if you don't mind me asking?
- I am 62.
- Wow.
- You look good.
- She doesn't look
like she's 62.
- You're in good shape.
- Thank you.
- So, are you married?
- No.
- Okay, you have kids?
But I have lots of nieces
and nephews and godchildren.
I love them all, yes, I do.
- I'm single.
Just saying, 62 ain't
nothing but a number.
- And do you work?
- I work a 9-to-5.
- Don't what?
- I work as an assistant.
- For?
- At a law firm.
- Okay, and why are you here?
Do you sing?
- Yes.
- Over the years,
you've tried to get
a record deal, I presume.
- You know, I was close,
close, close, close, close,
and it just didn't happen.
- And, look, the whole point
of this show is,.
for me, it doesn't matter
how old you are.
If you've got it,
you've got it.
Is that how you're
feeling now?
- Absolutely.
Before I lose it,
I need to get it.
Before I lose it.
- Okay, well, Ronnie,
best of luck.
I hope it goes well.
- Thank you.
Pull it together.
Hmm.
- Hit it.
- I like her.
- I like her too.
- ♪ Turn down the lights ♪
♪ Turn down the bed ♪
♪ Turn down these voices ♪
♪ Inside my head ♪
♪ Lay down with me ♪
♪ And tell me no lies ♪
♪ Just hold close ♪
♪ And don't patroni-- ♪
- Ronnie...
I don't think that song
was right for you.
- Okay.
- What else have you got?
- I have "Natural Woman."
- Okay, shall we try that?
- Okay.
- ♪ Looking out
on the morning rain ♪
♪ I used to feel so uninspired ♪
♪ And when I knew
I had to face another day ♪
♪ Lord, it made me
feel so tired ♪
♪ Before the day I met you ♪
♪ Life was so unkind ♪
♪ But your the key
to my peace of mind ♪
♪ 'Cause you make me feel ♪
♪ You make me feel ♪
♪ You make me feel
like a natural woman ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ When my soul was
in the lost and found ♪
♪ Yeah yeah yeah ♪
♪ You came along to claim it ♪
♪ I didn't know just
what was wrong with me ♪
♪ Till your kiss
helped me name it ♪
♪ Now I'm no longer doubtful
of what I'm living for ♪
♪ And if I make you happy ♪
♪ I don't need to do more ♪
♪ 'Cause you make me feel ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ You make me feel ♪
♪ You make me feel
like a natural woman ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
Thank you, thank you.
- That's a natural woman,
right there.
- Thank you, thank you.
- That second song,
you really showcased
what a talented singer you are.
And when that chorus hit,
you took it all the way there.
You were not afraid of it
at all.
So thank you for that.
- I think it was unnatural.
It was beautiful.
You were spectacular.
And you should be a star.
- Yeah, the first song you sang,
in my head,
I was already saying no.
I would have.
And, you know, when Simon
made you sing the second song,
I don't know what happened,
but your voice
all of a sudden transformed
into something
that was really amazing.
- Ronnie, you know what?
You have an amazing voice,
fantastic personality.
- Thank you.
- But now you have
to become relevant and current,
and the whole idea of this show
is to give people like you
a chance maybe other people
wouldn't give.
Because I can't deny the fact
you have a fantastic voice,
Ronnie.
- Oh, my gosh.
- And a great spirit.
But we're gonna make
an important decision
about you now, Ronnie.
We're gonna vote.
Let me start with Howie.
- You know, I'm gonna go
by what I heard,
and what I heard was phenomenal,
and there is no way
to say no to phenomenal,
so it's a yes.
- Mel?
- Your voice is incredible,
so I'm gonna give you
your second yes.
- Thank you.
- And I'm gonna give you
your third yes.
- Ronnie...
We're on our way,
four yesses.
- I did it!
- Dang, you are on your way.
426...
427...
and 428,
please make your way
to the door.
- We got long numbers.
- Yeah.
- We got to wait
for a long time.
- Here we go.
- Um... no?
- Okay, come on, next.
- He's drinking tea.
- Did you singe
your hair a bit?
- Uh, yeah, I probably did.
- Are we at the act yet?
- That was honestly the most
boring thing I've ever seen.
- Can I start over?
- Oh, my God.
- There is $1 million
at stake.
- At stake, yes.
- Just back to planet earth.
- I would wear that.
With these shoes
and that cape,
set it off.
- Hello, judges.
- Hi.
- How you doing, all right?
- Good, how are you?
- I'm very good, thank you.
- I like his outfit.
- Where are you from?
- Las Vegas.
- Wow, what an outfit.
What's your name?
- I am The Baron.
The Baron of the Universe,
darling.
- Of course you are.
- Baron, what's your real name?
- Micah.
- Yeah.
- How old are you, Micah?
- 35.
- Why have you entered
the show?
- Because I want to win the show
and create the best possible
show in Las Vegas.
- Okay, now you got to show us.
- Please.
- Good luck.
- Thank you.
- Ah, one of these guys!
- ♪ In the jungle,
the mighty jungle... ♪
- Can't watch.
- ♪ In the jungle,
the quiet jungle ♪
♪ The lion sleeps tonight ♪
- Stop!
Not the nipples!
- ♪ In the village,
the peaceful village ♪
♪ The lion sleeps tonight ♪
♪ In the village... ♪
- ♪ The lion sleeps tonight ♪
- Whoa.
- Wow.
- I need a break.
- Simon?
- Uh, my nipples hurt.
- Do you like doing that?
- I absolutely love doing that.
- Why?
- It feels good.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- It feels good, yeah.
- Mel, did you like it?
- It's not my cup of tea,
but I actually get
what you're doing.
Some people absolutely
love this.
They love to watch it.
They're addicted to it.
They love piercings
and hanging things
and pulling at things
that shouldn't be pulled at.
So, even though
I didn't watch it,
I get it.
- Thank you, darling.
Thank you very much.
- Simon?
- There's something about you.
You know, when I was a kid
and I used to watch
a horror movie
from behind a sofa.
I kind of want to peek my head
around and see more of you,
because you're
fantastically sick.
- All right, let's vote, guys.
I mean, I had
a really hard time,
so I'm gonna say no.
I'm sorry.
Mel?
- You're a very sick man,
but I love it.
It's a yes.
- Howie?
- This is the show
where we see things
we've never seen before,
so I'm a big fan of this.
I'm giving you a yes.
- Thank you.
- What are you prepared
to attach next
if you go through
to the next round?
- Dragster.
- Attached to what?
- Are you serious?
- Yes.
- Talk about calling AAA.
- I'm gonna say yes.
- Thank you very much.
- See you in the next round.
- Thank you,
good night, guys.
- Bye.
- That was absurdly disgusting.
- But I want
to see it again.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you very much.
- We'll see you later.
- Fantastic, thank you.
- Bye.
- ♪ Follow me
into the jungle ♪
- I want to show people that age
has nothing to do with it.
You don't stop
because you got gray hair.
- To be fair, Mel,
you're still singing.
- I'm gonna kill you.
- I love everything about you.
I think you're
really special.
I really do.
Sorry, I've got to do this.
- Walking in two minutes,
everyone.
Two minutes, please.
- Are you doing your own
makeup and hair?
- Yeah.
- You did that yourself?
- What's that mean?
- What--the whole--
did you do that yourself?
- No, I had, like,
help putting it all together.
- It looks like
you did it yourself.
- I'm just getting
into the whole judging thing.
- My extensive makeup
is in here.
This doesn't just happen.
It's a miracle
of modern technology.
I'm Julia Scotti,
I'm 63 years old.
I'm from Whiting, New Jersey.
And I'm a comedian.
- When did you get into comedy?
- When I was about 28,
I saw an ad
for an open mic night
in New Jersey,
at a Chinese restaurant,
of all places.
I stopped doing comedy because
I needed something more stable.
I was married, I had kids,
so I went back to college.
I became a sixth grade
language arts teacher.
But my love of comedy
never went away, ever.
- So, why here, why now?
- Oh, why here, why now?
You know, I've been doing
comedy all my life.
I love it more than
anything else in the world.
This is where I want to be.
People tell you
when you're young,
life goes by so quickly.
Suddenly, you look around
and you're 63,
and you're going,
I better get off the stick
and start making
some stuff happen soon.
And what am I gonna do?
Go join the knitting club
or the bocce club?
No, no, I want to do stuff.
And that's why I'm here.
- When am I up?
- Next.
- I'm up next?
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Oh, uh, what do I do?
- Are you ready
to go give it to them?
- In 90 seconds.
- Let's get to it.
- Let's do it.
- All right, come on.
- When I leave here,
I want people to just go,
"She was hot stuff."
- Welcome to
"America's Got Talent."
- Thank you, this is fantastic.
- What's your name,
and where you from?
- My name is Julia Scotti,
and I'm from New Jersey.
- There you go.
And what is it that you do?
- I'm a stand-up comic.
- Ah.
Okay, so why
"America's Got Talent"?
- I want to show people that age
has gonna to do with it.
You know, you don't stop
because you got gray hair.
Right?
- Well, I mean, Howie's 60,
and you still do stand-up,
don't you?
- Well, it would be harder
if I had gray hair.
I have no hair,
which gives me the ability.
- It would be harder for me
if I had no hair.
- And to be fair, Mel,
you're still singing.
- You know what?
I'm gonna kill you.
- I meant it
as a compliment.
- Okay, back to you.
- I admire you.
- So, listen,
this is your stage.
We're all standing
at your attention.
Good luck, and enjoy yourself.
And by the way, Simon,
you're dead meat.
- Thank you,
thank you for coming out.
This is great.
So I am old.
I'm in the autumn of my years.
It is, because my foliage
is starting to change color.
- No.
No, no, no.
- If you know what I mean.
- We know.
- We do.
- I'm at this age where
if I were on a sinking ship
and there weren't enough
lifeboats to go around, right,
and I was getting the last seat
on the last boat,
and just as I was about
to climb on board,
this young girl comes up,
gives me the sad face,
you know, like...
Like I'm supposed to
change places with her.
Seriously, I'm supposed to say
something noble like,
"You know, dear,
I've had a good life.
You take my seat
on the lifeboat."
that!
I didn't get to be this old
by giving up my seat
on a lifeboat.
You're gonna have to learn
to live with disappointment.
At least for a couple
of more minutes.
You know...
So, in addition to being old,
I'm fat, single, and broke.
My 401, I got enough in there
for about a month and a half
of Netflix.
I'm a complete and utter
physical wreck.
You know, my primary care doctor
is a paleontologist.
I don't work out, because I got
the really bad arthritis.
Not like my cousin.
My cousin's 70 years old.
She ran a marathon at 70,
26 1/2 miles.
I know!
Making me look bad.
I smoke two packs
of cigarettes a day.
I jog a block and a half.
I'm starting
to see dead relatives
at the end of the street,
going...
Thank you so much.
Thank you, thank you.
- She got 'em smiling
and on their feet.
- Thank you.
You're gonna make me cry!
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
- Heidi, what did you think?
- You're a little bit naughty,
and I love it.
And I love
how you're yelling at us,
and I love how comfortable
you are on the stage.
You really made me laugh;
it was great.
- Thank you very much.
- Thank you.
- I'm glad.
- Julia, from one comic
to another,
I'm gonna have Howie
tell you what he thought.
- Oh, my God.
You are a joy.
You have so much to offer.
- Can I ask you a question?
- Sure.
- Why did you start
so late in life?
- I was 28 when I started,
and I did it for 20 years,
and then I took 11 years off.
I became a teacher,
and there was other issues.
Do you want to know
what they were?
- I would.
- Well, for the first
28 years of my life,
I was known as Rick Scotti.
- Oh, no way.
- Wow.
- So this is big for me.
- Well, you know,
whether you're a man
or whether you're a woman,
you're human,
and you're funny.
- Thank you.
- And you're talented.
- And you're brave.
- And I'm so glad
we got to see you.
- You know, you're funny.
You're completely inappropriate,
and you say
what everybody's thinking.
- Thank you.
- And you're my kind of girl.
I loved it.
Loved it, loved it, loved it.
- Well, you are a piece
of work, Julia, aren't you?
I mean, you know, like,
the nice sort of
granny schoolteacher, all sweet,
and then you go
into your routine.
It was like, whoa.
- Surprise.
- I mean, talk about surprises.
They're never-ending
with you, are they.
But you know what, Julia,
you genuinely made me laugh,
because you were
really shocking.
- You were the one
I was worried about.
- No, I'm the pussycat, Julia.
You're edgy,
and you're interesting.
So congratulations,
great audition.
- Thank you very, very much.
- So let's vote--Howie?
- It's obvious, you're a yes.
- Definite yes.
- Obviously, sweetie,
it's a yes.
- And you got your
fourth yes from me.
- See you in the next round.
Congratulations.
- Ha!
- Wow!
- Thank you so much.
Oh, my God,
that was amazing.
- How does it feel?
- Oh, my God,
it's like I want to go out
and do another 45 minutes.
- She's fantastic;
I loved her.
- I love her too.
- She's great.
- I got a standing ovation,
and all four of them
voted to pass me.
And I didn't have
a heart attack.
- Hello.
- Hi.
- What's your name?
- My name's Callie Bevilet.
- What is your dream?
- My dream is to win
"America's Got Talent."
How many more do we have?
- One more, guys.
- What?
- I mean, that's what I see.
- How many more?
- This is it.
- There's one more.
- We only have one more?
- Yeah.
- I wouldn't be here
without you, Mom.
- Oh, I love you, baby.
- I love you too.
- So you ready to go out there
and give it your all?
- Yes.
- All right, go get 'em.
- Hello.
- Hi.
- What's your name?
- My name's Callie Bevilet.
- Hi, Callie,
and where you from?
- I am from a really small town
in Ohio.
It's called Grand Rapids.
- And how old are you?
- I'm 16 years old.
- 16 years old.
- Yeah.
- And what is your dream?
- My dream is to win
"America's Got Talent."
- As a singer?
- As a singer, yes.
- Who do you compare
yourself to?
- I don't compare myself
to anyone.
- That's good.
As Simon always says,
he looks for somebody
who's original,
somebody who
we can hear something
we've never heard before.
Is that what
we're about to hear?
- Hopefully, yes.
- I hope so too.
I like the whole look.
It's like a little
Audrey Hepburn.
- Oh, thank you.
My hair wasn't really,
like, my choice.
I'm a survivor
of stage 3 ovarian cancer.
- No way.
- Yeah.
- Last summer,
we were on vacation,
and my mom noticed
a lump in my stomach.
- We took her in
to the doctor,
and the doctor said,
"Your child has cancer."
It's probably the worst--
the worst things you can hear
as a parent.
- They're words that
you just don't want to hear,
and, yeah, definitely
took my breath away
when I heard that.
I got chemo
over the whole summer.
I remember I was, like,
running my fingers
through my swoosh one day,
and it just started
kind of like falling out.
That was definitely the day
that I think I cried the most.
Yeah.
- It was anything but normal
for a teenager
to go through that.
But she's a fighter.
I'm so proud of you.
I look at her and I think,
"Oh, my gosh, you're so much
stronger than I am."
You got this.
- When I was sick
in my hospital bed,
I always tried to be happy
and look at the positive
side of things.
I always had on my headphones,
and I was always
listening to music.
Songs can really help people
through any situation.
- She loved music,
and she loved singing.
There was something special
with her voice.
- Singing makes me feel happy,
and that's pretty much--
that's the one word that I can
really fit to singing.
And on August 28th,
they told me
I was in remission.
I was definitely
one of the lucky ones.
That kind of motivated me
to want to do more
with singing.
- You want to say, "I know
she'll pull through this."
But in the back of your mind,
it's always,
you're really just hoping,
because there's always
that, "What if?"
- My dreams are just to grow up
and finish high school.
I'm only a sophomore right now.
I'm here now, so, obviously,
be positive
about what you have.
Keep pushing,
and you keep trying,
and never stop believing
in yourself.
Kind of came here today
to show people
that no matter
what you've gone through,
to keep chasing your dreams.
- Well, what a great message.
Wow, you're an inspiration,
and we can't wait to hear you.
- Good luck.
- Thank you.
- Can feel my heart
beating out of my chest.
- It's gonna be okay.
- ♪ Like a small boat ♪
♪ On the ocean ♪
♪ Sending big waves ♪
♪ Into motion ♪
♪ Like how a single word ♪
♪ Can make a heart open ♪
♪ I might only have one match ♪
♪ But I can make an explosion ♪
♪ And all those things
I didn't say ♪
♪ Wrecking balls
inside my brain ♪
♪ I will scream them
loud tonight ♪
♪ Can you hear my voice
this time? ♪
♪ This is my fight song ♪
♪ Take back my life song ♪
♪ Prove I'm all right song ♪
♪ My power's turned on ♪
♪ Starting right now
I'll be strong ♪
♪ I'll play my fight song ♪
♪ And I don't really care
if nobody else believes ♪
♪ Like a small boat ♪
♪ On the ocean ♪
♪ Sending big waves ♪
♪ Into motion ♪
♪ Like how a single word ♪
♪ Can make a heart open ♪
♪ I might only have one match ♪
♪ But I can make an explosion ♪
- That was great.
- You know, you have gone
through an obstacle
far greater than anybody
much older than you
could even imagine
going through.
And then you come
to this point,
and you make choices,
and you made the choice
of singing that song,
and that's your fight song.
- Yeah.
- And it was so heartfelt
and so inspirational.
I just want to say thank you.
- Thank you so much.
- It was amazing.
Your tones and the way
that you fell off the note
was just on point.
Couldn't have gone any better
for you, I don't think.
- Thank you.
- You do have a beautiful voice,
and I can't believe
that you're only 16 years old.
I mean, it's incredible.
Well done.
- Thank you.
- Calista, I love
everything about you.
Just--you know what?
I just had this feeling
when you walked out.
I can't explain it.
Just your spirit,
the choice of song, your voice.
I think you're really special.
I've just got this really
incredible feeling about you.
I really do.
- That means so much
coming from you.
- I'm telling you.
- Means a lot
coming from Simon.
- I think everyone in this room
felt it.
And I think that, look,
you were nervous.
I could hear that.
But, you know,
you get past this stage,
I predict great things
are gonna happen for you.
There's something about you.
- Thank you.
- Sorry, I've got to do this.
- ♪ We'll rise up ♪
♪ In spite of the ache ♪
♪ We'll rise up ♪
♪ And we'll do it
a thousand times again ♪
- Thank you.
- I so enjoyed that.
- Thank you so much.
- I think you're
really special.
Who are you here with?
- My mom.
- Come on.
- Come here.
- So amazing.
- Your daughter's fantastic.
- Ladies and gentlemen,
she's going straight through
to the live shows!
How's it feel?
- Amazing.
I don't even know.
- ♪ And we'll rise up ♪
- Truly special.
We'll see you
on those live shows!
- ♪ We'll rise up ♪
- Obviously I wasn't
expecting that.
- Obviously?
We weren't expecting
that amazing performance.
- I liked her voice.
- I liked her voice,
her look, her style, everything.
She was great, wasn't she?
- Yeah.
- You fought for the gold.
- From Simon, from Simon?
- Congratulations.
- Thank you so much.
- We'll see you
in the live shows.
- Whoo!
- Oh, my gosh,
this is amazing.
- Oh, it's the greatest
thing ever.
You just got
the golden buzzer.
You got into the live shows!
- People are gonna
love this girl.
- I think they already do.